= jruby-vijava

* Home: http://sourceforge.net/projects/vijava/
* Source: https://github.com/halostatue/jruby-vijava/
* Tutorial (Java): http://vijava.sf.net/

== Description:

Jruby-vijava is the VMware Infrastructure (vSphere) Java API packaged for use
with JRuby. This version is 2.1, synchronized to the release version of the VI
Java API currently available on SourceForge.

=== What is the VI Java API?

VI Java API is a set of Java libraries that aim to ease the usage of VI SDK Web
Services interfaces. It's now open-sourced under BSD license.

It provides the following benefits to the Java developers:

* Enables OO programming with a well defined managed object model
* Reduces the need to use ManagedObjectReference and makes possible 
  compile time type checking
* Hides the complexity of the PropertyCollector
* Provides necessary utility classes to simplify VI SDK web interfaces
* High performance with 4+ times faster than AXIS engine

As a result, the application code using this API is much shorter (70% less) and
much more readable than the equivalent using web service interfaces directly.
The API itself is straight-forward and easy to learn and use. 

=== Who created the API?

The VI Java API was initially created by Steve Jin from VMware Engineering. He
is the author of <em>VMware VI and vSphere SDK</em> by Prentice Hall. There are
contributions from the communities as well. See the web site for more details.

=== What is included?
Everything is packaged into one Jar file, including the Java source code,
binary, sample code, license.

Version 2.0 includes a high performance web service engine which is 15+ times
faster in loading and 4+ faster in de-serialization than AXIS with only 1/4 of
the size, and many other features. Find out more at project home.

=== How to get started?
To get started, check out the project tutorial at: http://vijava.sf.net.

=== Where can I get help?
project Forum: https://sourceforge.net/forum/forum.php?forum_id=826592
File a bug: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=228007

== Requirements:

JRuby

== Install:

gem install jruby-vijava

== Developers:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs, and
generate the RDoc.

== License:

Copyright (c) 2008 VMware, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright (c) 2009 Altor Networks. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright (c) 2009 NetApp. All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of VMware, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be
  used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
  specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL VMWARE, INC. OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
